Internationalization: Preferences documentation (#59203)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/organization-preferences/index.md

### Change server UI theme

> Grafana server administrators can change the default Grafana UI theme for all users on the server by setting the [default_theme]({{< relref "../../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#default-theme" >}}) option in the Grafana configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a Grafana server administrator, you can change the default Grafana UI theme for all users that are on the server by setting the [default_theme]({{< relref "../../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#default-theme" >}}) option in the Grafana configuration file.
```

Reviewer 2: ^^ I agree with Ursula's suggestion.

1. On the left menu, hover your cursor over your avatar and then click **Preferences**.
1. In the **Home Dashboard** field, select the dashboard that you want to use for your home dashboard. Options include all starred dashboards.
1. Click **Save**.

> ## Change Grafana language

Reviewer 2: We want to avoid stacked headings, which is a heading immediately followed by another heading. I recommend that you add a short intro sentence below this heading. For example: "The following sections describe how to configure language for users, organizations, and teams."

### Change server language

Grafana server administrators can change the default Grafana UI language for all users on the server by setting the [default_language]({{< relref "../../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#default-language" >}}) option in the Grafana configuration file.

### Change organization language

Organization administrators can change the language for all users in an organization.

1. Hover your cursor over the **Configuration** (gear) icon.
1. Click **Preferences**.

> 1. In the Preferences section, select the **Language**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the **Preferences** section, select the **Language**.
```

1. Click **Save**.

### Change team language

> Organization and team administrators can change the language for all users in a team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Organization and team administrators can change the language for all users on a team.
```

1. Hover your cursor over the **Configuration** (gear) icon in the side menu.
1. Click **Teams**. Grafana displays the team list.

> 1. Click on the team that you want to change the language for and then navigate to the **Settings** tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click the team for which you want to change the language.
1. Click **Settings**.
```

> 1. In the Preferences section, select the **Language**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the **Preferences** section, select the **Language**.
```

1. Click **Save**.

### Change your personal language

> You can change the language for your user account. This setting overrides language settings at higher levels.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what 'higher levels' means. Does this refer to global settings? If so, then maybe "This setting overrides language settings configured globally"?

Author: this verbiage is copy-pasted from other preferences on this page.

See the description at the top of the page for an explanation https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/d0264b66b85ca64599be07b0e313b166c9a82bb2/docs/sources/administration/organization-preferences/index.md

Reviewer 2: Got it. Ok, this wording is fine with me. Thank you.
